# dywh
An own project for graduate project which author is majored in CS.
The development enveriment includs windows,java,jsp,mysql,tomcat,svn,Eclipse,etc.
# Project Summary:
Guanzhong, the place name, refers to the "four passes" within, namely, Dongtongguan (Hangu Pass), Xisangguan (Great Earthquake Pass), Nanwuguan (Languan Pass), Beixiaoguan (Jinsuoguan Pass). Now Guanzhong area is located in the central part of Shaanxi Province, including Xi'an, Baoji, Xianyang, Weinan, Tongchuan and Yangling, with a total area of 55,623 square kilometers and a permanent population of 23,856,000 (at the end of 2015).
South of Guanzhong lies in the Qinling Mountains, from which the Weihe River passes, Wuhua Tianbao, with outstanding people. There are natural topographic barriers on all sides, which are easy to defend and difficult to attack. Since the Warring States Period, Zhang Liang of the Han Dynasty used "Jincheng Qianli" to summarize the advantages of Guanzhong and persuade Liu Bangding to make the capital Guanzhong. During the Warring States Period, Zhang Yi praised Guanzhong's "Tian Fei Mei, the people Yin Fu, the chariot thousands of times, fighting for hundred trades, fertile fields thousands of miles, and rich accumulation", and said, "This so-called Tianfu, the world's great country", which was more than half a century earlier than the Chengdu Plain to obtain the title of "Tianfu country". This is because after the Zhengguo Canal was built in the Warring States Period, Guanzhong became a geomantic treasure land with abundant property and the emperor's capital.
# end
